the best way to destroy the West is
through its own goodness and highest
principles if you come in through the
door of free speech that's a very
valuable cudel that you wield if you
come in through diversity which is a in
one context in definition is in fact the
beauty and power of America which is
different than when Trudeau says it
because America it is and you come in
through that trapo it gets very
difficult and arguments get complicated
people's reference points get jumbled so
it's like every protest
isn't John Lewis we start to get
confused about where which things are
off limits and which things aren't